let's prepare the delicious boy
beef in mushroom sauce it
we can accompany with steamed potatoes and
with a green salad or a salad
Fresh ingredients a pound of meat
boy split into slices
about one centimeter of
thickness
previously marinated with salt mustard and
garlic or with the preferred marinades
half a cup of milk cream half a pound
of mushrooms cut into slices a
about mushroom cream one
teaspoon of butter salt to taste
and two tablespoons of oil we're going to
add butter and oil
in a pan preferably
non-stick and we're going to put the last
meat
on both sides
already the meat is golden we are going to
add two cups of water
and point
and we are going to add a little more to
that is not going to approach us more or less
two and a half or three
and we cover it
and we 're going to leave it for 30 or 40 minutes or
until it is well white while the
meat is cooked let's prepare the
chain of mushrooms we add three
water tanks we dissolve it well the
put on the stove at high heat the
stir constantly until
boil
and after it boils we leave it five
minutes more let's put to sauté the
mushrooms previously
washed and drained
in a little butter
here we have the meat previously
gilt and cooked the mushrooms or
We have already fried them on the
meat and let's add the cream
mushrooms
with this we leave it more or less 3 to 5
minutes
and finally we add the cream of milk
let's add the milk cream
to taste
we mix it well in about 4 or 5
teaspoons we let warm a
bit
but we try not to boil
and it's ready
our boy in mushroom sauce
to serve him